"Stay hungry, stay foolish."
"Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower."
"Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work."
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."
"Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works."
"Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose."
"Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people."
"Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles."
"Stay hungry, stay foolish, and above all, stay young at heart."
"The people who think they are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do."
"We don't get a chance to do that many things, and every one should be really excellent."
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
"Innovation comes from people meeting up in the hallways or calling each other at 10:30 at night with a new idea."
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."
"My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time."
"Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life."
"You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward."
"Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful, that's what matters to me."
"Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith."
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."
"Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice."
"The people who think they are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do."
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do."
"We're just enthusiastic about what we do."
"It's better to be a pirate than to join the Navy."